Studies show that LinkedIn is
responsible for generating 80% of all
B2B leads and it's even easier than ever
in 2026 if you know how to use AI every
step of the way. So to show you how to
do this, I brought on Lara Aosta, the
number one female profile on the
platform and she's going to be breaking
down what is AI slop and what is not and
how to stand out in an age filled with
AI generated content. The three proven
formats for authoritatively sharing
things you learn in [music] your
business and telling stories about it.
the two unbeatable writing frameworks
that she uses daily to create viral
content consistently and finally giving
you a full demo of her actual AI
workflow and how she uses it to do all
of this work for her in just [music] 30
minutes. I hope you enjoyed. Lara,
thanks for coming on. Excited to get
into this. I think uh it's no-brainer
player to be getting into LinkedIn and
particularly using AI to to put more
content out, especially when you know
how to use it correctly to not put out
the wrong kind of content because I
think it's all too common now to see the
wrong sort of stuff and that easily
repels people you're trying to track.
So, we have one of the foremost experts
here to walk us through the LinkedIn
content playbook for 2026. So, thank you
for coming on, Laura.
>> Likewise. Thank you for having me. I'm
so excited. Today, all I'm going to show
you guys is how you can build a personal
brand on LinkedIn. It's been the gold
mine for over the last few years and I
think it's still we're still at the
crossroads for anyone to build grow and
scale the brands and be able to make it
profitable faster than ever just writing
not not with viral videos, YouTube
videos, etc. This is the ultimate
playbook that I think every founder
should be implementing in 2026. Just
quickly before we jump in, how much
easier is it now with some of the
systems you're going to walk through
here compared to say two, three, four
years ago to get into LinkedIn and
actually start getting some traction?
>> I think honestly with AI coming along
and with all the new systems that have
been implementing implemented and what
we've been able to see over the last two
years of what what types of content
actually work on LinkedIn. It's
extremely easy if you know what you're
doing. If you're a true expert, the road
map that I'm about to show you is going
to help you go from zero to 10,000 to
even hundreds of thousands of followers
within a year if you do it right.
>> And just some expectation setting on
what that's actually going to involve.
Are there like is that three, four, five
posts a week? Is that seven? Cuz I know
there's like a trick about just posting
once a day puts you in the top like 1%
of users. How much time would people
expect to put in to get some sort of
decent result and maybe 5 10,000
follower growth uh this year?
>> Of course. So like what the thing that I
love the most about LinkedIn and this is
something that I've never seen on any
other social media platform is that you
don't need volume to win. You just need
quality. So actually I've seen the most
success by posting four times a week
every single week for the last 3 years.
Right? I went from zero to over 300,000
followers on LinkedIn doing just exactly
that. No viral videos, no need to hop on
hop on trends. Just literally knowing
how to write a good hook, educating on a
topic, and being positioned as an
expert. That's literally all it took.
So, it can take you between 30 minutes a
a week or maybe two hours if you don't
really know your niche or what you're
talking about yet. But, um, overall, the
best people that I know spend 30 minutes
a week creating content and maybe spend
15 minutes every single day engaging and
making sure that they're getting leads
and creating conversations. So, it's up
to you, but it shouldn't take that long.
>> That's news to me. I thought it was very
much the opposite way around of it being
needing to be a volume platform. So,
this is going to be an interesting
conversation.
>> All right, cool. So, well, uh, for those
that don't know me, hi, my name is Lara
Costa. And just a quick overview, I've
gone from, you know, freelancer to an
agency owner to building an info product
business and building a personal
branding course as well. Uh, we've
helped over 3,000 people build, grow,
and scale their personal brands. I'm
currently the number one creator on
LinkedIn. I've also made multiple
millions of dollars using just using
LinkedIn. And what's happened here is
that the reason why I did this was
actually I just wanted to get a job. But
then that single thing like idea of me
going out to this jobseeking platform
that I thought was cringe led me to this
gold mine of opportunity which was you
could actually just go viral with
written form content. I didn't need a
video. I just needed content that had a
semi good hook. And then my first post
ended up going mega viral. 400,000
impressions within days. So then that
ended up changing my life and since then
it I built an agency the product
business and also a B2B SAS that just
hit 60K MR. So if that's not enough
proof that LinkedIn is the best platform
to be on right now. I don't know what
else is.
>> First post going that viral must have
been a one of those chance moments in
your life just like wow this is a this
is a sign I should be going all on this.
It was actually crazy simple and this
happens to most people because LinkedIn
has this thing and I don't think many
people talk about it enough. Um,
LinkedIn wants more users on its
platform. That's what they profit off.
The more users they have, the more they
can upsell to sales navigator, right?
And so when you start posting on
LinkedIn consistently, no one no one no
one says this because they don't observe
it like I do. LinkedIn actually natively
pushes your first few posts onto the
algorithm the most. So you stay on the
platform and you feel like you want to
stay and create more.
>> That's that's what happened to me.
That's what has happened to my
co-founder Jake who I'm gonna talk about
about later. And every single one of my
clients who we've implemented this
strategy for uh they're very smart with
what they're doing. Um LinkedIn is also
a very supportive platform. Uh if you
look at it from hindsight, LinkedIn is a
networking platform. So the more
connections you make, the more
networking you do, the better you
perform on the platform. So, it's
actually quite logical why this worked
when you look at it like that.
>> Cool. Right. What's the what's the big
thing here, the AI SL problem?
>> Well, before I get into any of the
content and how you can build a personal
brand, I want to address the elephant in
the room like you said, and it's the
LinkedIn AI slop content. So, LinkedIn,
as I said, it's literally seen as the
cringiest platform with everyone talking
about how bad it is. Um, I've seen
people on Twitter, on YouTube, on
Instagram complaining about how cringe
it is, how it is the death of um,
content, etc. But in reality, it's not
LinkedIn itself is a people creating
content using AI badly. If you know how
to use AI properly, if you have the
right frameworks and you if you have the
right strategy, you will end up winning.
So most content right now looks like
this. It's just either they're
complaining about the AI slop while also
creating more AI slop. And it's this
consistent
uh volume of content. And I just
want people to think about it. This
right here that you're seeing is your
competition, right? And so for people
like you, for example, you've got a lot
of skill in knowing what a good hook
looks like, knowing what a title looks
like, like good title looks like, what a
good thumbnail even looks like, right?
How to write the script. Same with
people that have created content on X
and Instagram, etc. So the bare minimum
for you is the highest quality on
LinkedIn. So that is it. All you need to
do is go beyond uh the cringe part of
posting on LinkedIn and feeling like a
robot and realizing that once you get
past the stage of like having the egg,
you'll be able to monetize faster by
doing less things and getting higher
quality leads. Because like research
shows, most of LinkedIn's users are
actually decision makers. I we can't
really say that on about X or Instagram
or even YouTube. You know, on LinkedIn,
it's almost nearly guaranteed that a
decision maker will see your content.
So, like I said here, the real fight
isn't about AI versus people. It's about
people using AI right and people using
AI wrong. And I know this because after
I've analyzed over 500 posts on
LinkedIn, I've written thousands of
posts as well. I know that this works uh
if you do the right thing, if you know
your strategy, if you know what you're
good at, and if you follow the right
blueprint. And so some social proof
here. Um during our last launch, we
actually made $230,000 just from our
launch on LinkedIn specifically and
email. So hopefully that motivates
anyone here to start creating content on
LinkedIn and bypass the cringe mountain
that everybody seems to have.
>> Okay guys, very quickly. If you're an
aspiring entrepreneur and want to start
your own AI business and you haven't
already joined my free school community,
it's down there in one of the links in
the description below has my full free
course on how to start your own AI
agency as a complete beginner. And
you're surrounded by over a quarter
million people who are also striving
towards the same things. There's no
better place on the planet right now to
be surrounded by like-minded people. and
you get free weekly Q&As's with me where
you can ask questions directly to me
about how to start and scale your
business. I'll see you in there. Yeah, I
think um it's important for people
whenever you're looking at creating
content. I think I see it quite often in
the in the sort of start an AI business
space that I'm in here, people will just
kind of pick a niche that they want to
go in and then they just pick a platform
that they want to do and it's like, oh,
I want to do YouTube and I want to do it
for this audience and they don't stop to
think, is that where my target audience
is actually going to be? And if it's
like plumbers, are plumbers really
googling stuff about how AI can help
their businesses necessarily or they go
on YouTube searching for it? I don't
know many plumbers who are sitting there
in lunch break looking up AI tutorials.
Um whereas you kind of have to think,
okay, are they going to be on something
like LinkedIn more often? Um or are they
going to be on Instagram? Maybe
Instagram would be a better platform for
plumbers. So LinkedIn being such a a
dense platform for decision makers for a
lot of the kind of B2B um and service
based niches that you're probably going
after uh is definitely the uh the king
in terms of the density of uh of
decision makers on this. So that's a
really good point to make.
>> Cool. So step number one is building a
personal brand worth following. So when
it comes to personal branding like you
mentioned people are too quick to pick a
niche and just a platform but they
forget about what actually makes a
personal brand work. And what I
discovered over time is that it's
actually two main things that people
need to pay attention to. And the best
personal brands do two things. They
storytell and they educate. You know,
the top 1% do do either of them, but the
0.1% do both. And I have some examples
here for people that may be thinking,
okay, like what does that actually look
like? People like Imani, Alex Becker,
Dan Co, uh Justin Welsh, people like
Jordan Platter, and Dan Daniel, they all
educate, but they're also storytelling
simultaneously, but you don't really
realize it because the stories are so
dense in education that you think you're
learning so much, but you're being
retained because of their ability to
storytell. Right now, when you look at
it in terms of YouTube, it's like so
long and it's like you have to think
about the scripting and all these
things. But on on on LinkedIn, you only
need to think about the writing fast.
And this is why I love the writing fast
approach to doing all of this. And
that's why I picked it because I
actually when I started, I was
incredibly introverted. I didn't want to
be on camera. I was actually 20 kilos
overweight. So I needed to find a way to
like bypass all these limiting things
that I didn't want to have and didn't
want to be seen etc. And I was like what
is the lowest friction thing that I can
do writing. So to start I needed to
understand
where like what is the thing that I can
actually provide as a freelancer with no
money no clients no nothing. Okay I
found my unfair advantage like what is
the thing that differentiates me the
most right now as it stands and this is
how you actually get engagement. Okay,
so there's two ways of finding your
unfair advantage if you don't know it.
And if you do know it, I will challenge
anyone watching this to rethink this.
Because if you're if you're posting
content right now on LinkedIn and it's
not working, it's because you don't have
a unique differentiator yet. Maybe
you're talking about B2B SAS, but it
sounds the same. You know, you want to
be different. So this is how you do it.
You think about two things. You think
about monetizable expertise and you
think about strategic arbitrage. Those
are the two key pillars that every
single time we implement them, we get
results. So, let me explain what
monetizable expertise is. So, when
you're trying to educate someone and get
clients and get that social proof and
get that authority fast, you need to
tell people what's in it for them. This
is basic psychology and sales
principles, right? Is the same in
marketing and it's the same on LinkedIn
with writing. So monetizable expertise
in essence is knowledge that directly
changes someone's outcome in a way that
they'll pay for. So I have two posts
here that have made us up to tens of
thousands of dollars just from from one
post. So I have one from Jake. Jake, by
the way, um important to say Jake has an
SEO agency. This is a very boring
business niche, right? And so if it's so
boring, then why is it getting 3,000
likes on LinkedIn? So, because he
learned how to use uh monetizable
expertise to his advantage when creating
content, he kind of like pivoted to
going from here's how to build an SEO
strategy to here's a problem that you
think you have. Let me break it down and
add an image on top of it. And it's the
same way here. So, here I broke down my
exact lead genen strategy in 2026. Then
it got me over a thousand likes just by
doing something that most people think
that they're doing. But what we're doing
differently is that we're specifically
telling people from the start what the
outcome is there for them. So how to
make 1 million, how to do it in 2026,
etc. So you're leading with social
proof. And I think this is where the
majority of people are going wrong. And
this is why when people write with AI,
it just doesn't look the same because
it's missing that specificity that that
builds trust.
>> So just as an example on the on on this
side here,
>> what's the the the typical like this is
the good version. What is an example of
the bad version? How do how do people
typically start with this kind of
content that just means it flops?
>> So let's say um I want to talk about my
lead generation strategy. I'll say
here's how to get leads on LinkedIn. Um
and then there's not going to be any
second line. So step number one use
sales navigator. That's basic Chad GBT
could literally do that for me. But what
we did differently here is this is the
exact so specific here lead generation
strategy I'm using. So I move from how
to to how I and that gives me a lot more
credibility because it's how I do things
rather than how Hopspot is telling
people to use LinkedIn. How this other
YouTube video, right? And then the
second thing, and this is important as
well, thank you for pointing it out, is
a second line, and that's called a
rehook. So the rehook is your second
chance to retain someone and get them to
click more. The click more button here
will always appear um on your LinkedIn
post. So like no one's ever going to see
the entire post firsthand. You have to
prompt people or push them to actually
read the entire post. So when the second
line is as compelling as the first. So
that's why I use like specific metric
like this and more specificity like in
numbers it makes
>> instead of going into a list in that
second line, right? So you're like
dragging the hook out a bit longer so
they have to click more.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you know the like exact character
count that you have to get or can you
kind of like eyeball it? So my rule of
thumb is every single time you write the
first two lines, they need to be eight
words long because that's the cut off
between the this like this side, it'll
cut off on mobile. So you need to make
sure that it's always eight words. And
then oftent times, unfortunately with
LinkedIn, you can't always predict when
it's going to cut off. But ideally, you
just always optimize for the first two
lines to make it the most. Like give
give everything away at the start. Don't
try and be so mysterious and like here's
10 ways I learned how to do this like
it's not gonna work. It doesn't work.
People people are fatigued from this. So
that is the strategy that I use for
monetizes. Cool. Now the second thing is
strategic arbitrage. So taking what
works and using your story or skill to
grow. So for example, I know that on
LinkedIn people love storytelling. Why?
because it's still a social media
platform regardless of what we see it
as. People are still doom scrolling and
they are looking for entertainment,
right? Basic marketing concepts. It's
like, oh, you need to educate,
entertain, and inspire. Okay? On
LinkedIn, it doesn't work. If you post a
meme or a or a viral reel that went
crazy on Instagram, it won't work
because the type of entertainment you
need to provide to your customers and
your ideal audience is different. you
need to satisfy their craving for
transformation or some desire of purpose
of motivation especially that is linked
to a career and so when I storytell I
think okay what do people on LinkedIn
want to read today and it's usually
something about how to make more money
how to make their parents happy how to
make their dreams come true or how to
achieve a specific outcome right so me
knowing this I'm strategically
arbitrageing the topics that I know work
and using my own stories through those
lenses, right? I wouldn't really be
talking about my dad that much if I knew
that this wasn't relevant to my
audience. I would be talking about
something completely different. But me
knowing what I know, people love
supporting others. Like LinkedIn
literally thrives on announcements. They
thrive on synergy exchange, right? So
use that as an advantage. Don't cringe
at it. just think okay this is how the
politics works here how do I manage to
hack it to my advantage so that's what I
did
>> more so than other platforms you're
saying like you do need to toot your own
horn that's like where the LinkedIn
memes come from but it's for a reason
that's that's why they exist cuz people
like to to make these big announcement
posts and cheer each other on and and
sort of make these big announcements
about their their career and so on but I
suppose we all have that if you're on if
you're on Instagram I guess you're a bit
more hesitate hesitant to make a post
like this, you know, cuz it feels a bit
weird if you're on your personal
Instagram or like even if it's a
business Instagram. Um, you're saying
these feel a lot more at home on
LinkedIn and they get the feedback that
uh you're really looking for on them.
>> I think you need to look to think about
it as different currencies between
different social media platforms. Like
on Instagram, you'll see more Ferraris,
Dubai, yachts, uh alcohol, cigar
launches, right? That is a currency
there. That's how you kind of like
portray yourself and position yourself
as successful. I.e. like all these trips
around the world on LinkedIn is how do
we touch on family values? How do we
touch about on professional achievements
in the right way? And I actually coins a
term on LinkedIn. They call it the art
of the humble brag. So the reality is
that content that is oh my god I'm so
excited to announce at this like no one
cares. How do you still brag about
something that you did but still have
humility when you're doing it? And this
pose is actually a great great example.
So, POV, you became the first
millionaire in your family. And then I
say, I never thought I'd get to write
this post. And then you see photos of my
dad looking proud of me. This if I was
if it was written in a in a completely
different way, people would be like, "Oh
my god, this is horrible. Like, she's so
self-absorbed, I would have ended up in
LinkedIn Lunatics, right?" But because I
did it in such a
non braggy way, but still mentioning the
the subject, but truly making it seem
more so about my family, then it worked
because it it was about that. And when
you learn how to explain yourself in the
right way, like communicate the right
things at the right time, then you're
going to be able to do this instead of
being like, I just became a a
millionaire. Please congratulate me.
Like that is the wrong way. what what's
in it for people reading this thing
about you achieving something? What are
you going to give them? So, that's one.
Then the second one, and I think this is
the easiest one to replicate for most
people uh that don't really want to do
anything with storytelling, is how do
you take a topic that is currently
trending online and then make it yours?
So, my friend Jake, again, uh he's my
co-founder. He saw this as a tweet,
right? And he was like, "Okay, so
something's happened to the Reddit
stock. I want to write a post about this
immediately." And so he literally just
said exactly what happened. Reddit just
lost 82% of its AI citations overnight.
That's that's all he had to do. 2,000
likes. He hadn't posted in 3 weeks,
right? His account was ter like
technically dormant. But by posting
something like this, he knew that if he
tapped onto a trend early enough, he
would be able to ride that wave and then
rekindle or revive his uh LinkedIn. So
this is actually quite easy, especially
for anyone that is consistently
chronically online. LinkedIn gets news
like a week later. So it's actually
easier for anyone to tap on trends to be
honest because um
>> same with uh same with YouTube. A lot of
the time you can just keep an eye on
what's happening on Twitter.
>> Twitter snag some like interesting
things and then make a make a video
about it.
>> Yeah. And you can also like even use AI
to even do this like hey write me a
LinkedIn post about this. Uh use a hook
that's eight words long. But uh we can
get into that as well. So hopefully that
is um relevant and actionable enough for
anyone watching this. I truly feel like
if you understand these two things,
you'll be able to start cracking pastel
branding uh faster than you trying to
pick your niche and your content
strategy and deciding deciding how many
times to post a week and what the best
posting time is. Like don't do that.
Focus on how can you position yourself
as a as an expert as fast as possible
using these two things. Now, you can
also use AI and I've been doing this
from the very start. Like I started my
ghostwriting agency. It was like a solo
solo agency. I've literally handled over
12 clients by myself using AI when it
first came out 3 years ago. And so how I
did it was simply I adapted these two uh
terms and then I was like okay based on
everything I know about myself or about
my clients please write me a list of
what the offer advantages are for this
client the monetizable expertise and
strategic arbitrage arbitrage topics so
I can educate and storytell in content
based on my personal brand and then
ideally you ask the AI whatever you use
you can use charg you can use cleo um
always ask it to give you hawks for each
idea. So instead of you having yet
another strategy that you are never
going to use, you actually have
something that you can go off and write
something about instead. I always find
that the hooks are the hardest part for
most people because they they require
different things like oh my god is it
how to is it how I is it a number. So
when you get an AI to do it for you,
like 90% of the work is already done for
you, right? The problem with chargebt is
that it gives you average output and so
that's why LinkedIn is full of AI slop
because it doesn't understand the
copywriting basics that you actually
need to succeed on LinkedIn. But tools
like Cleo, for example, which is my
tool, um they are able to well they're
built off my brain. So it knows how to
write for LinkedIn because I built it.
So you can either
>> get a demo demo later, right?
>> We'll get a demo as well. But um
basically that is in a nutshell. You can
also train charge to do it for you by
the way. Um so but that will take time
etc. But yeah so that's how you validate
your thoughts, get content ideas and
make it easy to write content from
scratch. And I think based on every
single thing that I know about my
clients is that people don't struggle
with writing. Like they don't need
faster content. Otherwise, Chad GPT
would have created so many multi-million
dollar personal brands with over
hundreds of thousands of followers. The
problem is they they struggle with
specific and clear content that actually
works. So that's why ChadBt is just not
the one for writing. just for my my
audience watching this, say you're
starting an AI agency of some form, an
AI business. And if we just go back up
to those those two buckets that you have
there of content. Um, yep. So, say
they're just starting off and they've
landed their first client or they've
done their first free project or
something and they are looking for some
sort of insight to pull out of that and
take into a a piece of content that
would fall under the monetizable
expertise and that like we just we just
delivered this we just delivered this AI
voice agent for a client. Here's three
things we learned or like can you give
us an example for say an early stage AI
business owner that was fun each of
those?
>> I can write you one. So, what you're an
ali you just you just signed your first
client.
>> Yeah. Say you've just delivered your
first free project and you're kind of
trying to pull a bit of that credibility
over to uh to LinkedIn.
>> Yeah. So, um last night I signed
>> So, immediately you're like putting it
in adding in like exactly when it
happened. So, it feels like a story,
right?
>> Yeah. Last night I signed my first ever
client.
>> We could say delivered my first ever
project.
>> Okay. Last night I
delivered
my first
ever project. I started building my AI
business 3 months ago.
And then we're giving people, you know,
what happened. So very exciting news.
And then giving them some context. So
like what why are you excited about this
if they don't know you? It's like, well,
I started building my AI business 3
years ago, 3 months ago. So, and then we
get into the meat of the of the story.
So, um just for I'm going to get into
this in a minute, but I usually use this
frameworks called the slay. So, start
with a story, lead with a lesson, have
actionable advice
and then end with a U. So, with a we
started with a story. This is a story.
Then, how will we pivot into a lesson?
Well, um, we can do either here's
exactly how I did it and how long it
took, right? So, here people are
interested because let's say another
freelancer, another beginner or even
your ideal client is like trying to
understand what your actual system is
and they want to have a look. So, that's
actually how I I signed my first ever
whale client. I literally just broke
down an entire strategy and they were
like, "Hey, I really like your the way
you think. Let me pay you five figures
for this." And I was like, "Whoa, that's
crazy." So, yeah. So, here's exactly how
I did it. And then you kind of like do a
list of goals. So, like step step one,
step two, step three. And then you end
with like a feelood quote like um three
years ago,
I never thought
I'd end up here.
But today we made it long nights were
worth it or something like that. I don't
know.
>> PS blah blah blah. And then you do a
call to action or a call to engage. So
that's how I would write that.
Basically,
>> if you're a business owner who's
interested in what generative AI can do
for your business, you can get in touch
with me and my team at Morning.AI AI in
one of the links in the description
below and we can start your entire AI
transformation process going all the way
from the education and training of your
staff to the identification of the best
AI use cases for your company all the
way through to development and beyond.
We have worked with some of the world's
biggest sports teams and also publicly
traded companies. So rest assured you
are in good hands.
>> Wow. You you literally like think in uh
think in LinkedIn. You speak fluent
fluent LinkedIn. [laughter]
I I'm very I'm very thankful that I
ghost wrote for so many clients by
myself because I now I'm able to just
write like that at all times at any
point. But my friends abuse this uh
power of mine. So that's not good. So
now let's say that you're like okay Lara
I've written so many posts over the last
two months and I'm I've been following
these frameworks and this and that past
slay like I've seen some of your videos.
I I I've even used templates at both
courses, but I'm not getting the
attention. Okay. Well, the problem is it
content right now is not enough in any
any social media platform. Like there's
a an an inconsistent wall for attention.
So, the main goal with content is that
you know how to position yourself. Now,
your next goal is how do you get people
to see it and how do you achieve mass
distribution? So the way that I think
about it is you get attention through
your content, then you need to retain
them and then you convert them. So the
attention playbook is quite simple.
After you understand what your
monetizable expertise are in your
arbitragees are, then you can start
understanding the three key pillars of
attention which is highlevel educational
content which you saw a little bit on
monetizable uh expertise then elite tier
storytelling and authority jacking which
is my favorite and I think every single
person who's watching this podcast right
now needs to implement this today. So
I'll get into the first two. um how do
you do highly high level educational
content? So ideally
most people are scared of giving their
blueprints away but in a world where
where chat GPT and AI literally know
everything then the only thing you have
is your own ways of doing things. So you
need to actually share the entire source
no matter how much it costs you. Uh you
don't if you fear that a client's going
to steal this and implement it by
themselves then they will they were
never going to be your client. If you're
fearing that a competitor is going to
steal your strategy, then build up a
strategy. Like, it's a consistent way of
you thinking, "Okay, I'm going to share
this. I'm going to get a high ticket
client and it's going to pay for
itself." So, the way I do it is like my
1,000 business is about to hit $200,000
a month. Uh, and then I give people the
incentive to write this, so to read
this. So, with zero outbound, zero cold
emails, here's the breakdown. And then,
like I showed you earlier, I did the
exact same thing. So I literally just
broke it down in very much indepth
actionable steps. So instead of people
feeling like it's yet another piece of
AI slop and fluff, it actually has
something for them. So maybe one of them
liked step number one, maybe some of
them like step number two, maybe some of
them like step number three, maybe some
of them had never seen anything like the
strategy. So that gives me the upper
hand amongst any other personal branding
agency or consultant or course seller or
anything because I am literally telling
people what to do for free.
>> What's the secret source when it comes
to like how how niche down to be with
this content? So for for people watching
from my audience, they're probably
either like kind of a general purpose AI
agency where they're helping sort of
broad range of customers and therefore
say if we're talking about what we do at
Morningside, it could be a consulting a
breakdown of our consulting process and
how we carry through from consulting
into development and that's our method.
Um someone may be working specifically
with uh like roofing businesses and the
AI system they had for roofing business.
Uh there's definitely that the with any
kind of audiences online, they're often
so much smaller than you think. And so
as soon as you go from talking very
broadly about like
an AI transformation strategy for every
business down to an AI transformation
strategy for a a roofing business. Um is
there some sort of secret source there
where you do need to kind of try to
blend it into broader content and get
into bigger audiences or you just going
to get stuck in that small pool of like
a few hundred likes? So, I have this uh
framework. Uh I didn't put it here, but
I'm going to show you quickly. So, it's
called the 4 321. So, four posts a week,
three types of content pillars, and this
is what I'm going at. So, you need
growth content. You need um you need
growth content, you need total
addressable market content, and you need
sales content. So, the total addressable
market content that I'm talking about is
that type of content that you're talking
about gen in in general about AI. So,
this is how you're going to get those
customers like on your YouTube videos
basically on how you're talking about
general AI topics that then brings you a
small uh pool of leads that are more
qualified for your service. And then
when you're doing growth content, you're
talking about AI for roofing businesses
in X place, right? So then you're
increasing your chances of getting that
type of funnel with the total
addressable market content and then you
shift it quickly to the growth content
that's about that specific thing that
you're solving and then you do sales
content that closes them. And if you
consistently repeat this L loop, you'll
be able to start increasing your
engagement without hurting your sales or
like putting you in a in a completely
broad niche that no one that you're
competing with everyone. uh you're
actually just building your own niche
while it's still benefiting from the
mass market content that people like
like AI in general.
>> Yeah. Because that's one of the the
biggest mistakes I see with people
whether it's LinkedIn content or even
YouTube content is they they like oh I'm
I'm going I've got a bunch of videos of
like case studies and things I've done
with my clients and like that's great
but it's probably not it's going to get
a few hundred views realistically. You
need to figure out what your discovery
mechanism is. what kind of content is
actually going to get you put in front
of new people. Cuz until your your your
p your profile or your channel is
getting pushed in front of new people um
and you've got a reliable way or or a
kind of content bucket to hit that's
going to get you there consistently, um
then you're not going to be able to get
in front of new people. And that's kind
of the whole name of the game.
>> To answer that question, actually, if
you can see here, the best way to kind
of like beat that is by doing these two
and then also this one. So like, but the
thing is you have to do them
consistently. You can't just do one a
week and then just call it a day. Like
they need to be consistent. So elite
tier storytelling like I called it and
authority jacking are what allow you to
sort of like hack into the LinkedIn
algorithm and getting in front of people
because you're talking about topics that
are close to you. You're still
maintaining some sort of personality and
growing your personal brand. The main
mistake that people make when
storytelling and using authority jacket,
which I'll explain in a second, is that
they get too broad that they forget to
talk about their business themselves or
what they actually help people with. So,
anytime you do a story, even if it's
about your dad, like I did here, I'm
talking about being a business owner.
I'm talking about, you know, the
achievements that I've been able to
accomplish by using this distribution
mechanism that is LinkedIn. here this
guy Simmyi he's like today's the
proudest day of my life I retired my dad
um and then he was talking about you
know all of his job jobs etc and how he
did it through his own business so this
link right here is what matters the most
and where people go completely wrong
because they'll just close the store
like oh I retired my dad this is the
happiest day of my life I can't believe
it by you know viral post all well and
nice but then people don't really know
how you did it and then the people that
see that viral post then they'll want to
follow the journey as to how you built a
business, which is this specifically.
Um, and so when you're writing
educational content, your goal is to
still try to remain as broad as you can
while it's being specifically niche. So
I have this all the framework that I
use. I have so many uh it's called broad
narrow niche and it's in your content.
So you go broad in the hawk. So for
example, my one person business is about
to cross $200,000 a month. Okay, that's
broad enough but still kind of niche.
And then I go narrow. Okay. So, a narrow
problem that only people that are
interested in something that I
potentially have to say about business
want. So, people want don't want to do
outbound and they don't want to do cold
emails. Okay. So, I'm I'm capitalizing
on the majority of business owners,
right? Anyone else that's not a business
owners owner doesn't care. Cool. So, I
know that. So, I started broad then
narrow and then I went incredibly niche
on everything else. And so, that's what
makes a brilliant LinkedIn post. your
ability to understand how to still make
a niche topic broad enough. So, a lot of
business owners that don't have any
interests read it and then they get into
your sort of like mind share of
knowledge and then they follow you, they
buy from you.
>> 100%. Same on same on YouTube. If you
can get that like the niching that
you're really good at but somehow
managed to like just wrap it in
something broad enough and then pull
them in via that broad audience um 100%.
The next thing I think is the
storytelling parts which I kind of like
broke down. But I think it is important
to note that the first three lines are
are what really truly made this post
work. Today is the proudest day of my
life because today I retired my dad.
Right? Again, it's not braggy. It just
feels very heartfelt. Like I just I just
feel warm in my heart instead of being
like who's that like? And the way this
actually happens is through photos. I
don't have that his hair, but even with
mine, you can see my dad smiling. Like,
you can see him taking photos of me on
on while I'm on stage. Like, it just
feels very honest. And the reason why
stories tend to seem cringe on LinkedIn
is because they'll be like, "Oh my god,
my dad died." And it's a selfie of this
girl,
>> and this is what it taught me about B2B
sales.
>> And it just Yeah, exactly. And it's just
like memeable. It's almost like
laughable, but these people actually
think they're they're doing God's work,
but in reality, they're missing the key
elements of a good story, which is the
emotional side and the psychology side
where you're able to communicate your
story through the lens of them. Because
the stories are never about you, they're
always about them. And that's how I
think about it. And then the last thing,
and this is a thing that actually got me
to upwards to 50,000 followers in 6
months, was authority jacking. And
again, not many people talk about this
because it just feels weird, but I don't
care. So when I to when authority
jacking essentially is when you're just
using someone else's audience to
maximize yours. So we have so we have
Simon Swift here, we have uh Sean, we
have Daniel Priley. These are very
popular figures in the business space.
Okay. So then if someone sees me next to
these people, I have the halo effect
around me. So all I need to do next is
get them to read the post and then
actually follow me. So when you know
that you're going to meet someone that
has either some pool in the market, some
following, just try and take a photo
with them and use it to your advantage.
>> The algorithm side of it is is
interesting as well, right? Because
because if you can tag them and then get
them to comment on it, then that's going
to pull it onto the feed of a lot of
their followers. Correct. Yes. So,
you're so right. Yeah. So, when you're
tagging people, then if they see the
tag, they'll like it. And then what
happens is that if I see your post, for
example, I have 300,000 followers. Me
liking my post will show on people's
feeds. Like people, you can see like
Lara Costa like this post. And then they
will like it as well. So, I'm bringing
also a 10% of my audience as well. The
problem with this though, and that's why
here, if you notice, I didn't tag any of
them. Why? Because I know that none of
them are checking LinkedIn. So I'm like,
well, when you tag too many people on
LinkedIn and they don't actually comment
or like the post, it actually marks it
as spam. So that's where you need to be
careful when it comes to tagging because
people um LinkedIn hates spam. Um you
know, all all of their business owner
clients complain about it.
>> So when you're tagging people that you
know you can't reach, that you don't
have on your phone to message, hey, like
I'm going to post about you. Can you
please like this? then just don't do it
and just use
>> there's some source that's a that's a
new new one for me.
>> So yeah, use strategic arbitrage and the
halo effect and authority jacking as
much as you can is similar to what I was
talking about here actually just in a
different way. So here you're just you
know uh arbitrageing a popular topic but
here you're using someone else's uh
branding.
>> And just a tip on on the the
storytelling bit.
>> Yeah. Is there like a a week audit that
you do or is it like a daily audit or
something? Because I think people often
gloss over a lot of the things that
they're encountering every single day,
whether it's like looking back at their
calendar, I think is a method that Homzi
uses, but there's gems all the way
through your day and sometimes it'll be
things that didn't go well that are like
an opportunity right in front of you
that people don't realize they could
flip into into something good on on
LinkedIn for content. So, do you have a
method or or something that you
recommend for people to be able to, I
guess, like filter through what they've
done recently for stories that they
could tell or uh to mine their own
experiences like you did with the
immigrant side of things,
>> an exercise that will allow people to
find better stories to tell.
>> So, I have two ways. One of them that I
do for clients, for my ghost writing
clients, I have weekly interviews with
them. Well, when I used to run the ghost
writing agency, so that's how I would
get the gems from them that they didn't
even see. So if you want to do that for
yourself and just sit down and interview
yourself on like different questions
like what happened this week, what were
the wins? Did I get a new client? Did I
go to a speaking event etc. then yes.
Um, how I do it is I talk to my very
good best friend Chaji PT and I just
voice notes it random voice notes
throughout the week and I have a Chad PT
project that kind of like just collects
my thoughts and then at the end of the
week I just give it I just ask it to
give me a summary of what I went through
uh that week and then it gives it to me.
But for me the biggest win has been
having the AI recorders on every single
one of my calls. So then if I know that
on a call I solved a problem for a
client I know that this problem can
actually be turned into content. So I
take the transcript from the AI I use
and then I'll take it on to tools like
Cleo and then that I'll be like hey
based on this transcript please write me
a viral link to post about lead genen or
something or like touch on this problem
that this person had and then they'll
create me a good post. But um for
storytelling, I think that the best way
is to get into the habit of taking
photos because you'll actually need the
the photos um to post them on LinkedIn.
Uh a story without a photo, it truly
doesn't hit the same. So, let me get
into the last part of step number two
before we move on to three. So, you can
also combine uh two of each. So, let's
say you want to do highly educational
content, but you also want to do elite
tier storytelling. Well, you can
actually do them both at the same time.
And I showed you guys the slave
framework earlier. I'll get into that
again in a second. Or you can do high
level educational content and also
authority jack. So you don't have to do
one or the one or the other. Like I
don't want people to be in the middle of
the bell curve and be like, "Oh my god,
I don't have this or you can do both."
Like it's it's okay. I'm just giving you
different choices of like what you can
write about. But if you're like, "Oh my
god, but I have this this photo with
Simon Squibb, but I think I want to talk
about how he helped me build my
business." And you can do both. So, I'm
just I just want to make that
specifically clear because I the amount
of times that I give advice and then
there's like no nuance um just that.
>> Tell me about it. Tell me about it.
[laughter]
>> So, um yeah. Um here's some good
examples of like people that have done
it well. So, uh this is one of my
clients.
So, he here is obviously doing some
trend jacking and authority jacking. So,
Open AI just changed marketing forever
and then he's educating on what's
happening as well. And then he actually
turned this into a lead magnet. So he
trenched, he educated and he also sold
um from this and that got you know 1,000
likes which is incredibly good for
someone and also 4,000 comments. Uh so
that's 4,000 leads for him. So that's
one way. The next way is also you know
you can also do trend jacking as well in
this way and do some templates like he
did and use validated content that he
saw on Twitter. So, I personally think
that your audience has the upper hands
on LinkedIn because I assume that most
of them are on Twitter um as many tech
people are. And so, if you you're able
to just catch something early, talk
about it in a slightly storytelling way,
you'll win. Then the last one is this uh
post that I saw about Grace Beverly. Uh
they're they're documenting her losses,
the media to tearing her apart, and the
way she told it was a story, right? And
that got her 2,000 likes as well. Um, I
looked at her LinkedIn as well. She
doesn't her average is like 100 200. So,
if you're looking for the ultimate way
to actually get attention on LinkedIn,
just just do this. And I promise you, if
you do this at least twice a week for
the next 30 days, you'll see your
impressions blow up. I'm saying the same
thing when it comes to like if the
easiest hack for particularly in the AI
space right now is follow the news cycle
and trend jack it like this either
through some some person and a story or
like like taking a tech entrepreneur and
and pulling theirs down or it's like
opening I just released this here's what
you need to do the easiest clicks and
views are always going to be around the
new stuff so you must see that just all
the time with your your clients right
>> no totally and I think um even I can
imagine that for your clients they're
like oh but where do I get the best news
and like, oh, it's too old. Just do it.
>> It's new to someone else. Yeah. And what
do you have to lose? Like another post
that fails. Okay. Well, no one's going
to see it anyway, so might as well.
Okay, cool. Now, we got on to the
important part on like how to get
attention. Now, step number three is the
how to create content for your niche and
for you. So, again, if you're like,
"Okay, Lara, I get all of that, but I
still don't know how to start writing."
Okay, let me show you. Let me show you
because I I have the perfect two
frameworks that I love so much. And the
first one is the slay framework. I
created it obviously because I'm a girl
and I slay all the time. And the best
part about building a slave framework on
LinkedIn uh that is mainly maledominated
is that I've got people that are 40y old
>> 40 men saying that they're using
>> so like the the glorification of
LinkedIn has happened. So thank you very
much. In reality, this really happened
by accident to be honest. Um, I was like
explaining to someone how my post kept
on going viral two years ago and I was
like, "Yeah, well, I start with a story
and then I I try my best to lead with a
lesson so people stay on the post, but
then I give very tactical and actionable
advice every single time. So then people
find this incredibly useful and save
it." And then the last hack that I use
is I always point it back to them. So I
always ask them a question. And [snorts]
then my friend was like, "Well, Lara,
that's literally sleigh." And I was
like, "Yes, I think this framework has
been used by over 10,000 people
already." Um, which is honestly a
privilege, but um, when you think about
it in logical terms, like a story gets
attention, then the lesson gets
retention, then actionable advice gets
you the conversion. And that is the at
its very core the fundamental basics of
the slave framework is like you retain
you you get the attention by being
engaging you know hey I used to I read
many books but this one changed my life
okay which one oh not rich dad poor dad
and then you get a reaction from people
like like I was saying the second line
is also as almost as important as the
first one and then I tell them the
lesson which is okay this book it's like
okay so now here are the six principles
to win on LinkedIn. So what most people
actually do is that they'll just start
here, you know, here's here's six
principles to win on LinkedIn. Like no
one cares. [laughter] But the but the
reason why they do is because I gave
them that full story beforehand and I
gave them a reason to stay. So if your
content currently sucks, it's not
because you don't know how to like you
don't have anything good to say. It's
just you don't know how to say it well
yet. But I I'm teaching you so it's all
good. And then we just try and lay out
as simply as possible. So again using
the eight word marks kind of like limit
try and keep your um lessons as concise
as possible so people feel like it's
easy education and it's immediately
applicable. So you want every single
post that you ever write you want people
to go and implement one thing from it
get results and then come back. That's
how you get that's how you build a real
coldlike audience on LinkedIn. And so
you don't want these being too long on
each line that they wrap around and like
drop down and make it look kind of messy
and hard to read.
>> No, because again, we need to think
about LinkedIn as a true social media
platform. Like what's happening right
now with attention like people have the
attention of a goldfish, right? And that
doesn't change if even if they're on
LinkedIn, right? So just because we
don't have short form video popping up
at every single time, it doesn't mean
that people want to read essays. So how
we I called it the tictoation of
LinkedIn content. So, how do I make this
vengeable and skimable? Well, I make it
as short as possible, but I still make
it feel like it's giving so much value
uh in like 3 seconds. It's the same
thing as like a 3se secondond vir viral
video. So, just apply that logic. And
so, that's what I did. So, hey, here's
the six principles of this book uh in a
very condensed way. That's it. And then
at the end, I'm like, hey, this book
taught me more than my marketing degree.
I've read it every I read it I read it
every 3 months. the lessons are
timeless. Then master these principles
and you'll become unstoppable. So you
always want to end with like a cliche
type of quote because you want to make
people feel good at the end because
people never never remember the start.
They always remember the end and then
they'll go back to the start if they
they felt good and then that increases
LinkedIn ranks its content based on how
much time people spend on it. So that's
how impressions are counted, right? If
you want to your impressions to
increase, then you need to increase how
much time people stay like are on your
post. So the way you do it is by just
retaining people as much as possible,
getting them to save and comment, right?
The next one is a very popular one. I
don't really need to explain it, but I'm
going to just talk touch on it quickly.
Pass like problem agitate solution. So
like here's your problem. Founders
founders, your LinkedIn content sucks.
Agitate it's costing you thousands of
dollars daily. And then the solution is
here's how to write content that sells.
And that's pretty much it. Your content
isn't boring. your ideas aren't basic.
>> That's like like the SEO one, like the
SEO is dead problem that we mentioned
before.
>> Yeah,
>> exactly.
>> And yeah, so scare them, agitate it, and
then be like, here's what you actually
need to be doing.
>> Yeah, even even here, it's the same way.
So, you're correct. Well spotted. I just
wanted to put this on screen so people
can screenshot it as well. Um, if you
want to write a brilliant LinkedIn post
and here's exactly how you do it. That's
the checklist that you need to follow.
So like I kept on mention it through
mentioning throughout the video eight
word long hooks are best. Always use a
specific outcome or number have varied
sentence lengths. So you can see here
one line space one line space one line
space and then I get into you know
completely just line line and then one
line space. So try and vary that and the
reason for that is again psychology is
how you make something flow. And if you
have ever designed a a landing page, you
know the F shape, how people can read um
landing pages. So it's the exact same
principle on written content. So that's
how you make your content actually
perform better because people can get
the most out of it without reading the
whole thing. And then you either do a
direct uh step by step or a clear story
outcome and then you wrap it up with a
clear CTA. And now the last thing I know
at the start I was talking about AI,
JBT, code, etc. Well, I did build a tool
that actually solves every single one of
these problems live. So, um there's a
quick demo here and I'm going to show
you. But basically, what Cleo helps you
do is that it literally builds your
strategy using content you already have.
So, I'm going to show you guys that in a
second. But we have a template library
based on every single viral post we've
ever seen. And then you can actually use
those templates to turn that into a pose
that actually works for you. So, let's
say I say, "I love this post that I just
saved from my swipe file. Uh, based on
what you know about me, write me a
similar post." And then I took one of
Jake's, the one that you saw earlier.
And then I made Cleo write it for me
based on what he knows about me. And it
literally looks the same but different.
So, this is based on our like main
philosophy at Cleo. Good artists copy,
great artists steal by Austin Cleon. So
um that's exactly how you start creating
content on LinkedIn without being in
this again belove of like oh I need to
be super original and like everything
needs to be so different like you don't
have to it just it just just you just do
what works. So um I can give you a quick
demo here as well. So the way clear
works in essence is we have different
things that we have three different
pillars of how you actually create
content. So you create clear content,
you discover content and you think about
it. So we have a knowledge base where
you basically just upload every single
document that you've ever created. If
you have a podcast, if you have um an
SOP, etc. You can actually upload them.
Also, you can upload every single memory
from chargi
or like code already has it. So we love
that. Then you can choose your writing
style, which is my favorite thing. I
actually pushed a lot for this feature.
So, let's say you're like, "Okay, Lara,
your posts are doing amazing. I want to
write exactly like you." Okay, perfect.
We built uh the backend prompts so it
knows how to write specifically like me,
how to write like Jake if you like how
he educates, how to write like Justin
Walsh, etc. So, we have multiple
creators that have consistently proven
to go viral. And then you can your post
will immediately be resonant to how that
author writes. So, that's good. And then
you can also add different preferences.
So for me I'm like hey I don't like I
like using this type of language. I like
using natural tones etc. And then so you
can also by the way you can also build
your identity. So basically you're about
you you can fill it with your offers
etc. So when you say hey write me a
sales post it already knows what to
sell. So I was actually testing it out
earlier because I didn't want to waste
your time. So I asked it the first
prompt that I showed you guys earlier
which is based on what you know about me
please write me a complete list of my
own advantages etc and please give me
hugs for each. So if you don't know what
to even do with your strategy and you're
like overwhelmed you can just ask Cleo
after you've given it the information
that it needs to have and it it will do
it for you if you prompt it right. So
then after this you can you can be like
okay I really like this hook so hey um
love this hook please
write me a full post
and then it would actually go ahead and
write you the post for you um based on
what you've prompted to look like the
content that it knows that knows that
that it knows about you and the backend
you know preferences that you gave it
>> and So for that first step, you would
just go on to Cleo to get set up. You'd
fill out that like background context on
who you are, which I think is is
essential. So once it knows you, your
offer and so on.
>> Yeah. As soon as you sign up onto Cleo,
the onboarding process are actually
quite simple. We'll ask you a few
questions and then you can upload
everything else after. So we'll just ask
you basic questions that are enough for
you to write your first LinkedIn post
and then you can keep on adding stuff to
it. Um my favorite thing about it is
that you can also chat to it. So let's
say you don't like this hook. you're
like, "Hey, um, redo this, make it
shorter, and it'll do it for you." So,
it's based on how me and Jake, who are,
you know, creator first, uh, creator
creator first entrepreneurs think,
instead of, you know, a 40-year-old
person that's trying to create an AI
tool for writing that's never written
viral content in their lives. So, uh,
with the engineers, we literally, I
showed him my process. He's like, "Okay,
here's how she thinks and that's it."
>> Awesome. Cool. And how much volume can
you like crank out on a on a week with
this? Is it like you sit down for an
hour? Should people come on with uh with
their own like best performing bits of
content I've seen throughout the week to
borrow over or you've got the the swipe
file there and they can just rely on
that and what can we filter by?
>> Yeah, that's a great question. So, we
have a um a community swipe file where
you can literally see live what people
are saving. So, let's say you you don't
have any ideas and you're like, "Okay, I
really want to write something today. I
really like this post. Okay. So then
let's say I'm like, "Love this post by
Jake. I want to write something exactly
like that." So then I go and do the the
exact same thing. So I'll go back to the
chat like, "Love this. Love this post. I
want to write this about AI
>> AI and uh building your own software as
a non techchnical person." And then what
we can do here, we can actually select
uh the post that we just saw. And then
we can give it a little bit more
structure. So you can choose how long
you want the post to be. So I'm going to
say 800 words to up to upwards to a
th00and. And then it'll take that post.
It'll analyze it. It'll use the backend
prompts that we have and then the
context that it has on me. So it won't
be completely accurate but to you. But
yeah, that's how it would do it. And
then what Cleo then does, it shows you
why it's written like it is rather than
just writing your post and you have no
idea what it is about. It actually
analyzes the post it wrote. It scores it
and then it lets you edit it after. It
tells you exactly how it did it.
>> If anyone's writing LinkedIn content
seems to not be using this sort of
stuff. I mean, I don't know how you
could go back to just like hacking away
in a notion or in uh what it tapio and
stuff like that. Um does this handle
scheduling as well? Yep. You got a
schedule button up there. Yeah, we do.
We do. You can plug it into your
LinkedIn as well, but um personally um
just from personal experience, I haven't
scheduled a LinkedIn post in over three
years. So, just a hack for me
personally.
>> So, you just you just like do it on the
fly.
>> Yeah. So, what I find is uh with
LinkedIn content is that when you are
choosing to schedule it, you're also
choosing to forget about it. And a main
key lever for LinkedIn content is
engagement. So, if you're not there
within the first 30 minutes of of the
post going live, then the post has a
higher chance of dying. Um, people say
that you can't control the LinkedIn
algorithm, but you actually can for the
first 30 minutes because it's the lead
time that almost like YouTube, I I would
I would I would assume. Um, if you get
>> get a lot of comments.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Then then you're in. So if you truly
want to succeed on LinkedIn and you have
the time to spend on the platform, I
would say always schedule, you know, 30
minutes after. I've had this on my
calendar for the last 3 years. It's like
I've got assigned LinkedIn time at
>> 12 every single day for like the last
>> engage. Yeah. Yeah.
>> So that's my life, but uh it's got me
far so I don't regret it.
>> There we go. Okay, Lara, mate, that's
been absolute master class and I'm sure
people got something out of that. You
you guys will be able to grab that full
board. Uh it'll be linked in the
description. It'll be on the school
community and the resources for my
podcast. Um and of course there'll be a
link to uh Cleo for you guys to try that
out if you guys aren't already um using
some kind of AI to help you write
content at this point. I don't know what
the hell you're doing. Um but this has
been the leading uh LinkedIn content
expert breaking down how she's using AI
and it's been um absolute pleasure
having you on. Thank you for your time.
And um is there any last minute tips or
tricks for 2026 you want to give uh
before we wrap up?
>> Comment below so Liam starts posting on
LinkedIn and gives us all the source and
u uses all my strategies and I can take
all the credit for it.
>> Yep. There we go. All right, that's all.
That's all. I think we can end it there.
Thank you so much, Lara. It's been
awesome. And you guys can get in touch
with Lara and follow her and all that
good stuff down below. So that is all
for this episode of the podcast, guys.
If you want to see something similar
that I really think you'd like, you can
click up here to watch another one. And
remember, if you think you have a story
worth telling and some valuable insight
you can share with the community, you
can fill out my podcast application form
in the description below. I'd love to
have a chat with you and get some
exposure for your business. Aside from
that, guys, that's all for the video.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you in the next